Minor improvements to AWS EKS quickstart (#794)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/platform/quickstart/kubernetes-qs-dev.mdx

Verify that you have the following software installed:

* [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/) - version 1.21 or later (note: the EKS route below uses Kubernetes version 1.22)

> * [Helm](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/) - version 3 or later (note: the EKS route below requires the [latest 3.8 version](https://github.com/helm/helm/releases/tag/v3.8.2))

Reviewer: We have a note admonition you can use:

:::note
The EKS route below uses Kubernetes version 1.22
:::

 or, if you do not want an explicit note/admonition here, you can rewrite:
(note that the EKS route below uses Kubernetes version 1.22)

Same goes for the next bullet.

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="eks" label="Amazon EKS">

> There are two additional CLIs needed for creating a Kubernetes cluster in AWS:

> > 1. [AWS CLI v2](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [AWS CLI v2](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html)
```

> > 2. [eksctl <= v0.114.0](https://github.com/weaveworks/eksctl/releases/tag/v0.114.0), more details on how to install [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/eksctl.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 2. [eksctl <= v0.114.0](https://github.com/weaveworks/eksctl/releases/tag/v0.114.0). Install details available  [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/eksctl.html)
```

> > You must ensure that appropriate IAM permissions are applied to the user who will be running the following commands. More details can be found [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/security_iam_id-based-policy-examples.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must ensure that appropriate IAM permissions are granted to the user who will be running the following commands. More details can be found [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/security_iam_id-based-policy-examples.html).
```

    --nodes-min 3 \
    --nodes-max 4
```

> Once the cluster is created, make sure your local kubeconfig is updated to point to this cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the cluster is created, be sure to update your local kubeconfig to point to this cluster:
```
